update based on feedback on Discuss (#8807)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/rerun-failed-tests.adoc

---

**Question:** I use Cypress and my job seems to be uploading test results just fine, but the failed test re-run is still running all of the tests instead of just the failed tests

> **Answer:** It's possible that the JUnit XML files do not have the proper metadata for the failed tests rerun.  Try using the link:https://www.npmjs.com/package/cypress-circleci-reporter[`cypress-circleci-reporter` package] to ensure the test results being uploaded have the proper JUnit XML format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Answer:** It is possible that the JUnit XML files do not have the proper metadata for the failed tests rerun.  Try using the link:https://www.npmjs.com/package/cypress-circleci-reporter[`cypress-circleci-reporter` package] to ensure the test results being uploaded have the proper JUnit XML format.
```
